Docs: Person profiles updates (#8271)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/api/capture.mdx

</MultiLanguage>

## Events without person profiles

> By default, PostHog captures events with [person profiles](/docs/data/persons). To remove them, add the `$process_person_profile` property to the event and set it to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default and for backwards compatibility purposes, PostHog captures events with [person profiles](/docs/data/persons). To remove them, add the `$process_person_profile` property to the event and set it to `false`.
```

> For backward compatibility, PostHog captures events with [person profiles](/docs/data/persons) by default. To remove them, add the `$process_person_profile` property to the event and set it to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
For backward compatibility, PostHog captures events with [person profiles](/docs/data/persons) by default. To capture events without them, add the `$process_person_profile` property to the event and set it to `false`.
```
